.\" Manpage for jmaintenance
.\" Contact psimon@gmx.us to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "2 July 2014" "0.6.1-beta" "jmaintenance man page"
.SH NAME
jmaintenance \- perform system maintenance and recovery
.SH SYNTAX
maintenance [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
jmaintenance is a system recovery script designed to fix common errors which may occur on a Debian GNU/Linux system, such as incorrect permissions, misconfiguration, filesystem errors or lack of disk space. Run this script in single-user mode.
.br
This program is a simplified frontend for lower-level system tools - it makes use of the following programs:
.br
fsck - fix filesystem errors
.br
dpkg - fix broken packages
.br
apt - reinstall packages, fix broken dependencies
.br
dpkg-reconfigure - reconfigure packages
.br
chmod - repair permissions
.br
rm - free up disk space
.br
And many other utilities, take a look at the source for more information.
.SH OPTIONS
.B "\-l <LOGFILE>"
.br
	specify logfile location

.B "\-L"
.br
	disable logging

.B "\-R"
.br
	skip runlevel check eg. when /sbin/runlevel is not available (USE WITH CAUTION!)

.B "\-U"
.br
	skip user check eg. when /bin/whoami is not available

.B "\-W"
.br
	disable the following prompt: "Press "c" to continue, any other key to abort" (USE WITH CAUTION!)

.B "\-s"
.br
	disable verbose output (silent mode)

.B "\-h"
.br
	print help and exit

.B "\-v"
.br
	display version information and exit

.SH FILES
.B "/etc/jmaintenance.conf"
.br
configuration file, syntax is documented in the comments
.SH SEE ALSO
fsck(8), dpkg(1), dpkg-reconfigure(8)
.SH BUGS
Filesystem repair doesn't work in standard recovery mode (rootfs locked by other process).
.br
Workaround: boot the system in single-user mode with the init 1 kernel parameter.
.br

.SH AUTHOR
Peter Simon (psimonprs@gmail.com)
